yo what's up guys so welcome back to
brand new video here on my channel and
today's video i'm going to show you all
the tips and tricks to get zero input
delay in fortnite chapter three and if
you guys enjoyed this video please don't
forget to leave a like and subscribe to
my channel this week but say so much and
for any produce let's get straight into
this topic
and yeah guys for this first step i'm
not going to show you a simple
registered tweak on how you can make
sure that your keyboard has the least
amount of input delay and what you want
to do in the first place is just simply
go into windows search bar and just
simply type in registry until you find
the registry editor and open it up and
from there you're gonna go from computer
to hkey local machine system current
control set services kbd class and
parameters guys and this is exactly how
it should look like then you know you
just go like here from the top then you
go like all the way down until you find
parameters and once you actually click
onto it you can see that in here we have
actually tons of like registry options
and files and what we're now going to do
is search for keyboard data cue size if
it's not in here guys you can just
simply go here onto new create a new key
you know and name it exactly the same
keyboard
um data
cue size yeah you're just gonna name it
like that i of course already have it
here on my pc so therefore yeah i'm not
gonna do it here and what you're gonna
do afterwards is just simply double
click onto it and open it up and in here
now guys we can set a few values guys
which will determine how much delay your
keyboard actually has so we can see we
have hexadecimal and decimal and we're
gonna click on the decimal and for me it
really like depends like on like how
good your pc is pretty much um i can
easily put this on to 10. if you want to
know how low you can actually go with
your delay guys try it out first of all
with 50 you know click on the 50 press
ok and you can see now if you go again
onto decimal it actually stays on 50 and
then you're gonna go on something like
40 test it out again you know open it up
go again to decimal and it actually
stays here on 40 and now we're going to
go here onto 30 you know test it out one
more time open it up and we can see a
decimal size on 30 and then you go all
the way down guys until 10 which should
be like the limit you shouldn't really
um let go and then we're going to go
down all the way guys until we reach
actually 10 here and 10 is like the
limit you know you shouldn't really go
underneath there and it works really
good with like more high-end pcs but as
mentioned try it out with your pc try
probably something like 20 or 30 for mid
and pc and 40 and 50 for low and pc and
then just simply click onto okay guys
and you already applied here the first
week and your keyboard should definitely
have way less input delay while playing
fortnite and yeah we're now pretty much
going to do exactly the same thing as
well for our mouse guys so therefore go
again here on the computer hk local
machine system current control set
services but this time you actually go
to mouse class and then parameters and
once we're actually in here guys we can
see now that we have here as well most
data cue size and yeah the same thing if
it's not in here just simply again here
create like a new value you know and
name it exactly the same here mouse data
queue size then we're going to click
onto it and if you're not actually going
to take a look you can see that mine is
on 20 and what you want to do again here
is go on to 50 you know like begin with
it and then go again like all the way
down something like i don't know 40
again then we're gonna press ok if it's
actually applied you know that it like
works in the background pretty much and
we're gonna put it onto 30 it works
again now we're going to put it on to 20
and yeah i figured out myself guys that
the best value for this is actually 16
for high end or more like high-end pc so
therefore if you have like really good
specs it comes down again your twitter
specs guys put it on 16 if you're
running like a mid-npc probably 30 and a
low on pc 50 again just simply try it
out for yourself guys but i figured out
16 works the best here with like some
more beefy components and now we're
gonna click it onto okay again and we're
pretty much done with those two steps
and yeah guys for this next step we're
now actually going to change something
in our fortnite config depending on
which system you guys are running let's
just say as an example if you're running
a what 44 hertz monitor it's actually
provenly smoother guys if you put your
fps on 141 this just simply has to do
something with like how fortnite syncs
the picture pretty much so therefore if
you run a 240 hertz monitor you should
definitely keep your fps at 247 and if
you run a 360 one toy you should kept it
on 357 fps you pretty much see that you
should always go three fps lower then
actually like the maximum refresh rate
of your monitor because it gives you a
better sync and therefore less delay and
if you're running something like 60 to
75 hertz you should definitely limit it
to 120 fps because this doesn't apply
anymore at like a lower hertz panel or
like a standard panel so therefore 120
fps is going to work the best for you
because you're not going to overheat
your pc useless but you're still going
to have like more fps to have less delay
and what are we now pretty much going to
do with this information is going to a
windows search bar type in presenter
temp presenter and open up the first
file then once we're in here we're going
to click onto local press from our
keyboard for fortnite game save
config
windows client and in here we have our
game user settings but before we apply
anything guys please make sure that
actually the attribute read only is
unchecked and afterwards we can open up
here actually our game user settings and
fortnight and what are we now going to
do is scroll down in here until we find
our fps limiter and i do believe that
one should be here yeah frame light
limit you can pretty much see it it's
close underneath like the normal
resolution and you can see mine is
retinal limited to 360 fps since i'm
running a 240hz monitor i'm going to
limit it to 247 fps and actually just
like put it in there you can see it here
guys frame limiter and we by the way
don't have this option here in fortnite
itself guys we can only go to something
like 120 144 240 and 360 so therefore
you actually have to do this in your
gaming settings themselves guys then
we're going to go here onto file save it
close actually game user settings and
before we actually leave now guys we're
going to right click again onto them go
into properties and make sure to now
check that um mark here on the
attributes read only click on to apply
okay and now we fully changed it and
you're gonna have way less delay while
playing fortnight and it's gonna be
noticeably smoother and you guys what i
want you to do now is click on the first
link in description where you can find
my website guys and here on the top left
is gonna be a post with exactly the same
name and the same thumbnail as the video
you're watching right now just simply
click onto it you might maybe get like a
small pop-up ad then you get redirected
and you're gonna go here into download
until you get redirected to google drive
guys you might maybe get like another
small ad and then we're already here on
google drive for me from and then we're
already here on google drive from where
you can download the current free to use
tool guys which is called keyboard
inspector and this is such a nice
program guys we're going to unwrap it
here onto my desktop real quick and then
we already pretty much have it here and
what you're now going to do is launch
this program and yeah what this tool
pretty much allows us is guys to check
if our keyboard is actually running at a
thousand megahertz pulling rate or the
highest possible so therefore what are
we now going to do is click on the start
record and we're just going to start
pressing render buttons here on our
keyboard guys just a little bit you know
click whatever it literally doesn't
matter for around like 10 seconds so we
have some data here to collect and as
you can see we're going to click it now
and just stop recording and we're going
to click it now onto polling rate and
analyze and we can see definitely 1000
hertz and now we're going to swap the
keyboard actually do something else and
try it out again
so and now we have my gk61 here actually
and we're going to click again on those
keys here you know for around 10 seconds
just click onto it give this program
some data you know some metrics to work
around with
and after 10 seconds we're gonna click
onto stop go again on the polling rate
and analyze it and we can see definitely
1000 hertz so therefore both of these
keyboards are actually running at the
maximum speed so now we're also going to
try here actually my custom built
keyboard guys with dayton pink switches
and we're going to start clicking onto
it you know
just trying to get some of these metrics
again around 10 seconds shouldn't be too
long
just give it again some data so the
program can work with it click on to
stop we're going to go into pulling rate
and see definitely 1000 hertz so
therefore guys all three of these
keyboards are running 100 on thousand
hertz and this is like a nice free tool
to actually check if your keyboard is
running on a thousand hertz or not which
is insanely nice so therefore i just
felt like including it and with that
said we're pretty much done here and
yeah guys with that said this is it for
today's video if you enjoyed it please
don't forget to leave a like and
subscribe to my channel this would
happen say so much and if you have any
more questions feel free to ask me them
down in the comment section below and
try to answer as many as possible and
with that said have a great day have a
great night whenever you're watching
this and until next time stay awesome
i'm out peace
[Music]
inside the crowd